#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
fastapi[standard]==0.117.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-mcp
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.13
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.2.0
    # via fastapi-cli
fastapi-mcp==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
fonttools==4.60.0
    # via matplotlib
fpdf==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.7.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.75.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   pydeck
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-genai==2.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via -r requirements.in
mcp==1.17.0
    # via fastapi-mcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.5.0
    # via altair
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
ollama==0.5.4
    # via langchain-ollama
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic[email]==2.11.9
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.15.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.6.4
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sentry-sdk==2.38.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
streamlit[pdf]==1.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-pdf==1.0.7
    # via streamlit
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.3.0
    # via fastapi-mcp
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-mcp
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   grpcio
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn[standard]==0.37.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-mcp
    #   mcp
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
